README.md, before:

# AngrealRL
Roguelike made with __Python__ and __libtcod__. 

### Inspiration
This project was initially made with the help of the [Roguelike Tutorial Revised](http://rogueliketutorials.com/ "Roguelike Tutorial Revised") for Python 3. It is now being expanded as a personnal free time project.

### Theme & Setting
As a long time fan of the __Wheel of Time__ book series by __Robert Jordan__, I'm deeply annoyed by the lack of video games with the series as a setting. This is the main reason I've decided to make Randland the setting for this game.

### Controls
As of now, the game uses vim-like keys for movement and requires both mouse and keyboard to play.

#### Movement
> __h, j, k ,l__ for left, down, up, right moves.
> __y, u, n ,m__ for up-right, up-left, down-right, down-left moves.

#### Attack
> Move into a target to make a basic melee attack.
> Offensive items can be used by selecting them in the inventory menu.

#### Inventory Menu
> The inventory can be accessed by pressing __i__ .

#### Dropping items menu
>To drop an item, press __d__ to enter the drop menu and select the item you wish to drop.

Commit message:

Added info. Deleted old file.

README.md, after:

# AngrealRL
Roguelike made in __Python 3__ with __libtcod__. 

### Inspiration
This project was initially made with the help of the [Roguelike Tutorial Revised](http://rogueliketutorials.com/ "Roguelike Tutorial Revised") for Python 3. It is now being expanded as a personnal free time project.

### Theme & Setting
As a long time fan of the __Wheel of Time__ book series by __Robert Jordan__, I'm deeply annoyed by the lack of video games with the series as a setting. This is the main reason I've decided to make Randland the setting for this game.

### System Requirements 
- Python 3
Please bear in mind that this program has not been tested on Windows or Mac. There are plans to test it on Windows in the future.

### Starting the game
Execute the file __engine.py__ .

### Controls
As of now, the game uses vim-like keys for movement and requires both mouse and keyboard to play.

#### Movement
> __h, j, k ,l__ for left, down, up, right moves, respectively.
> __y, u, n ,m__ for up-right, up-left, down-right, down-left moves, respectively.
> Execute a __basic attack__ by moving into an enemy.

#### Attack
> Move into a target to make a basic melee attack.
> Offensive items can be used by selecting them in the inventory menu.

#### Inventory Menu
> The inventory can be accessed by pressing __i__ .

#### Dropping items menu
>To drop an item, press __d__ to enter the drop menu and select the item you wish to drop.
